---
title: My Phone
description: My experience with phones and android apps i used 
image: /img/blog/memories-of-my-phones-and-apps.jpg
---

I miss the days when the scenerio with mobile phone was different. Now a days having a smart phone seems to have internet - Youtube Instagram TikTok and unlimited social media apps. But it was different then people usually use facebook and whatsapp with 2G. Data plan were so high that we keep data turn off when not using. Then there were so many telecom services like aircel docomo BSNL Vodafone which I knew. But all this changed after Jio comes. I was at class 10 then people were mad at the free internet and big change took place.


I got my first phone at class viii. Then I did't have idea about internet. I even didn't know how to turn data on or off. Later one from my friend I learnt that but I was in a rural village where there was barely network signal there. Inside my room it got disconnected from network. Then I had a collection of bengali songs. My phone had only 1.27GB of space and 500mb RAM so I use a microSD card of 8GB. 

## Android apps
At that time I have garbage of security apps like Clean Master and 360 Security. I don't know why I was using those app. One thing the animation of cleaning make a feeelings of making phones more faster which makes me laugh now. I also had a collection of android apps like security apps like above , launchers like Apus, Next launcher , media player like MX Player which was the most advanced video player then with its  black colour.


## Apps I used
- MX Player v1.7.36 and below 
- APK Editor to modify apps
- Apk Cloner proxy of dual apps
- APUS Launcher cool icons and wallpaper with smooth effects
- Next Launcher 3D Shell
- Nova Launcher great customisable Launcher
- Xender for sharing files
- SHAREit for multiple sharing
- Clean Master
- 360 Security
- 360 Total Security
- Poweramp – Music Player
- Mobo Zini alternative to playstore
- 9Apps to download android apps
- imo: Free Video Calls and Messages 

## Games I played
I am not playing games anymore. Not even a single time this year. Any way there are some game I used to play on my phones. 

- Temple Run: Oz (First mobile game I played)
- Dr. Driving (Got from a friend using Xander)
- Subway Surfers
- Hill Climb Racing
- Temple Run
- Talking Tom


## My corrupted phone
Having my phone corrupted and sent to service center via seller I have to loose all my photos in it without my concent. It was Micromax Does 3001 which had a issue with softwere which I came to know later. Later I have to Flash ROM  from a repair shop about every month. As its got corrupted every month it charges less.

## New chapter
I get my first internet access when I shifted to our near by city Buniadpur where I meet a same smartphone freak. He was at next level at this. I remembered he opened my first gmail id which I was unaware. We together share this things. He used to tech me how to surf internet and initiated a addiction to Clash of Clans. There after I used to make recharge of 98/1GB/28D for Clash of clans only. I avoid playing COC after my 10th. Till class 12 I didn't used Facebook and Whatsapp. 

## Present
At 2020 internet plans were like 1 OR 2GB/D which was big change. I started watching YouTube. For online classes I installed Whatsapp and Google meet and Moodle app. Now the scenerio have changed completely. Now a days my younger cousins are at same level as me at mobile phone and using internet.


## Phones I Used

- Samsung Galaxy S Duos S7562 Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich)
- Micromax Bolt D303 Android 4.4.2 (KitKat)
- Samsung Galaxy J2 Android 5.1.1 (Lollipop)
- Itel A44 Power Android 8.1 Go edition
- Samsung Galaxy M21 Android 11
- Samsung Galaxy M31 Android 12, One UI 4.1


Any way throughout my teenage and now I saw a huge evolution in this. Some apps we used to use are mainly no longer exist. Android is also evolbing but I like older version of android till now though support of most adndroid apps not longer available.
